The aim is to have BFS/DFS/Dijkstra/A* (and eventually Prim's) look as
similar as possible.

For modifying the code it would help if they were coded as similarly
as possible.  Unfortunately thats not the case.  Modifying the BFS
code to color the frontier blue like DFS did took *way* longer than it
should have. It would be nice to move things in the direction of easier
to modify code, eg:

Use the same bookmarks for the same code.  Using sequential numbers for
bookmarks is not a good idea.  Better to use more meaningful strings.

Use the same variable names where possible.  Not a big thing but maybe PQ
could be used for all algorithms, noting that its a queue/stack/priority
queue depending on the algorithm.

Node numbers in the arrays are colored blue by "selecting" them (default
color is 0 = Blue) and colored green by selecting them with an explicit
color (1).  Unfortunately, for any other change to the arrays (if we want
it rendered), such as assigning a different value to a variable, seems
to do some kind of reset which unselects the green nodes.  That means we
have more code than we should need for (re)coloring nodes.  Not sure if
we can avoid this. Probably good to have meaningful color names and make
these explicit in the code also.

Functions could be used to avoid lots of code duplication inside
chunker.add, particularly if the point above can't easily be addressed.
It would also be good to have functions that encapsulate coloring a
node/array element green/blue.

The whole "(vis, x, y, z, a, b, c) => {..." pattern inside chunker.add is a
pain, especially when there are different arguments/ordering in different
places.  Much better to use, eg c_n or curr_n if the argument is n, etc.
It might be a good idea to pass all the relevant variables all the time for
consistency.  Basically, you should ideally be able to copy/paste code from
one chunker.add call to another without having to rename variables, etc.

dijkstra.js has been moved in the right direction wrt the points above
and AStar.js is a copied and edited version (might have been better to
generalise some code and use a file with common code).

